# Shopping-Behavior

You are a junior data analyst at a fast-growing online shopping company headquartered in Bengaluru, India, FlashFash.  To get an understanding of the American market, your team has been tasked with analyzing the shopping behavior of consumers.
Your job will entail analyzing a sample dataset for aggregate descriptive statistics and visualizations on American consumers. We are interested in discovering the "seasonality" of shoppers, which demographics buy the most, and which market outreach strategies we can apply to maximize purchases.
## Observations 

After close analysis of our dataset and the newly aquired data from cleaning, the state that contained the most amount of shoppers was California. The state that had the least amount of shoppers was Hawaii. Winter has the largest amount of shoppers which makes sense because people need more clothes in order to stay warmer during this time in many states. Credit Cards would definitely be the most popular form of payment just due to how accessible people can get what they need through online purchases. Standard would also be the most popular form of shipping method because people would want to pay less and just get their desired order as low as a fee as possible. There are more younger shoppers than older because the younger people are more advanced with online shopping than older adults and more technologically aware.

The null hypothesis we formulated is that there is no impact between the dollar amount spent between promo-code-users & non-promo-code-users. Our alternative hypothesis is that there is an influence with coupons used between the dollar amount spent between promo-code-users & non-promo-code-users. With us getting a p-value of 0.0 we can then reject the null hypothesis and accept the alternative hypothesis that states that there is an influence with coupons used between the dollar amount spent between promo-code-users & non-promo-code-users. Which makes sense because the more savings an individual can get, the more they would shop and spend more money in order to get what they want at a lower cost.